#Golang HTML Template Hardcoder

This is a very simple package that turns your html template files into hardcoded Go constants that are included at compile time.  It is intended to be used by package authors with `go generate`

##Why would you need this?

If you want to hard code your HTML templates into your Go program so that it doesn't depend on any external files, then you'll need to generate Go constants with the template contents hard coded as template literals.

You could just write your template code directly into your Go code, but it's cleaner and nicer to create seperate .html files for each template.  That way we get correct editor syntax highlighting too.

Before compiling your program, you'll need to squash down those .html templates into a Go constant that lives in a .go file that can be comiled into your code.  This package does that for you.

### Installation and Usage

Install into your $PATH

```
go install github/jpincas/hardcodetemplates
```

In the diretory of the package that you are working on, create a `templates` directory and create `.html` files with your templates.  There is no need to `{{ define "templatename"}}` for each template - that will be done for you.

In any of your packages `.go` files, include the `go generate` comment:

```
//go:generate hardcodetemplates -p=packagename
```
Just remember to change `packagename` to the name of the package your are working on.

Now run `go generate` from within your package directory.  You'll see a new file `templates.go` appear.  It will look something like this:

```
// Generated by jpincas/hardcodetemplates
// DONT edit

package admin

const baseTemplate = `
	{{ define "adminhome.html" }}
	Admin Homepage
	{{ end }}
	{{ define "defaulterror.html" }}
	<div class="error-page-container">
    <h1 class="title">{{.HttpCode}}</h1>
    <h2>
        We're sorry, but that request couldn't be completed
    </h2>
    <hr />
    <p>Error message: {{.Message}}</p>
    <p>DB Code: {{.DBCode}}</p>
    <p>Schema: {{.Schema}}</p>
    <p>Table: {{.Table}}</p>
</div>
</section>
	{{ end }}
	`
```

You now have the constant `baseTemplate` available - all your templates are nested and defined within this constant.

As an example of how to use it:

```
templates := template.Must(template.New("base").Parse(baseTemplate))
templates.ExecuteTemplate(w, "adminhome.html", page{})

```

Ignore the new template `base` that we create - you won't use it directly, but you'll have access to all your named templates as you'd expect!